# dissertation
# Title: Verb-particle Constructions in Arabic and English: A Contrastive Corpus Study of Learner and Native Language
Corpus file pre-processing, tag file creation and editing, and Excel file results were manipulated using Python.


# Abstract: The present study aimed to catalogue and compare usage patterns of verb-particle constructions (VPCs) in Modern Standard Arabic and English by native and learner writers. Building upon an analysis of a multi-genre monolingual Arabic corpus, use of both Arabic and English VPCs was explored in a bilingual L1 (first language) Arabic L2 (second language) English corpus containing essays written by the same authors in both languages. While Arabic usage was compared between the monolingual and bilingual corpora, usage between languages within the bilingual corpus was also analyzed. Bilingual-L2 English usage was then compared to a multi-L1 learner corpus and a native English corpus, and an error analysis was conducted to determine any L1 influence/transfer effects of the L1 Arabic on VPC use in the L2 English. The goal of these comparisons was to create a comprehensive picture of VPC usage from several angles based on natural language data. While English VPCs have received extensive attention, there have been few, if any, studies of large-scale usage patterns of these constructions in Arabic, and how these patterns play a role in L2 English VPC use by Arabic speakers. This analysis was designed to give a more Arabic-centered overview of native VPC usage and find corresponding gaps and overlaps in English usage based on authentic, empirical examples. The results of this study have implications for both L1 Arabic L2 English learners as well as L2 learners of Arabic.
